>> Scott Moss: No, actually,
we're gonna hop into enums.
So who here knows what
a enum is with GraphQL?.
Okay, anybody else?
Who here knows what a enum
in a strict type language?
Okay, it's the same thing.
It's the exact same thing.
It's basically what it is.
So me not coming from a background of
static type or strict type languages.
I remember when I first saw the word enum
a couple years ago, I was like, what?
I don't understand what this is,
I just don't get it.
And I still didn't really understand
what enum was, even after I did Java and
Android and stuff.
Until I used GraphQL,
I was like, okay, I get it.
Cuz in JavaScript,
it doesn't really make sense to use enum.
So I was like,
I just don't understand what it is.
But when I started using this, I got it.
Even with typescript I don't get it.
But it's really just a constant, right?
It's just a constant,
different types of causes you can use.
So, let's make some enum's here.
So let's say that a person
could have a favorite food,
okay, but because we’re on a diet, you can
only have one of three favorite foods.
You can’t have many favorite foods, it’s
only one or three, between one or three.
So, what we wanna do is we want
to lockdown what favorite foods
this person can like, and
it has to be one of these options.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna make an enum for that.
So we'll come up here and we'll say let's
make an enum and we'll call it FoodTypes.
And we're just gonna say burger,
nachos and
tacos, did somebody say something?
Okay, I thought somebody said a food.
I'm just hearing food.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: So then we'll make that
faveFood has to be one of the FoodTypes.
And then now, because we restricted
it to an enum type, when you go and
resolve this person, if it doesnt
resolve in one of those types, or
one of those enums,
then GraphQL's gonna freak out.
So what actually is
the value of these things?
These are just strings, so
basically faveFood needs to
return a string of one of these,
it has to be one of these.
And we can test that out, so
let me go to our resolvers.
Here, I will put a favorite food, and
we'll put something that's not that.
We'll just put hot dog.
Hot dog is not one of the things,
so let's try that.
And what we'll do is start this.
>> Scott Moss: Will refresh and
we'll add faveFood here, and you notice
that if we go and look at schema,
it should update it where,
there we go, faveFood FoodTypes, and
will show you all for different
options for that so you can verify.
So now that's there, we can run this.
And just like, we got error.
It says "Expected a value of type
\"FoodTypes\" but received: hotdog".
So, can't do that, so let's go back and
make sure that it's one of the faveFoods
that they can actually select from, so
instead of hotdog,
we'll put burger and we'll try that.
And hopefully this will satisfy GraphQL.
And it does, so now we got a burger.
Sweet, so the sweet thing to
remember about enums is that they're
one of the rare types in GraphQL.
I guess I wouldn't call them type, but
one of the rare entities or bits, or
whatever you wanna call it, inside of a
schema that can work for types and inputs.
So you can use enums in inputs,
you can also use them in types.
So I guess they're scholars at that point.
So it's like scholars, like String,
Integer, ID, Float, Boolean.
All those are scholar types, so
you can think of enum as a scholar type.
They work on types, like Person, and
they also work on inputs as well.
So I could put something
that's an enum here.
So when you make a Person,
you can also give it a favorite food,
whose FoodType must be one of those.
And that would also work, too.
I don't have to make this enum input,
that would break,
that wouldn't even work.
>> Scott Moss: Any
questions on enums?
>> Scott Moss: No?
Pretty straightforward?
So I would say,
>> Scott Moss: The community likes to
capitalize these because
they're constants.
So they'll do something like this.
So it's kind of up to you,
however you want.
But at the end of the day,
remember these are string values.
So, you need to return whatever
these enums are saying
as you write them in this file.
So, just remember that.
You can transform them, but
eventually they gotta look like that.